with a cur from Southern Methodist
University live at the NFLPA bowl game
it's a beautiful sunny day you've spent
a week being coached up by pros what has
been your favorite part of this
experience um probably just getting the
exposure meeting a lot of scouts and I'm
like you said just having all those
coaches that used to play in NFL and
still have time student affairs a lot of
guys that you could just get to connect
with so probably just that you've met a
lot of other top senior bowl
participants who have you connected with
I mean everybody on my team really I
mean there's a lot of guys from my
conference and really just cool it to
see a lot of people that you played
against and just get to meet them
interact with them you played on a small
school but a lot of small school players
do get drafted and make it what has been
your favorite memory playing in college
a favorite memory probably just be most
of the way games I mean coming from a
little school you get to go see the
bigger schools and stuff like that I'm a
fan of the weight games so just the
whole college football experience just
other people hating you come in trying
to beat their team and everything so any
upset I had in college was is pretty
exciting what was the one game where you
you had a pic did you ever pick this
season yeah I did I had a couple pics
this season what was your most memorable
my most memorable pic probably been for
my junior year but they didn't even
count it out a catch but we look back in
there was a catch it was in the Tulsa
game of my junior year like the final
game the sentence to a ball game they
replayed it and everything but the
referee said it was no good but
afterwards they looked at it and it was
a really a catch so I say that one if
you could go anywhere in the NFL any
team what team would it be Atlanta
Falcons we do what we call the PPI fire
55 things that we need to know about you
we got to loosen it up a little bit what
is your go-to fashion accessory go to
fashion accessory publicly shoes for
sure I just got to make sure to my shoes
are straight I think females like it a
lot when your shoes are nice so you got
a good pair of shoes on you're straight
so yeah keep your shoes rush your go-to
snack or food from the corner store or
grocery store ghosts almost sweet tooth
guys so any type of candy I'm on the
sour sauce jolly ranchers right now so
I'm taking those any day here any day
right now we did food we did fashion now
we need to know your nickname k a Korak
anything that just got the heck out
there my last names Acker so I didn't
hurt at all blackjack all of the other
ones so anything would act at the end is
fine with me awesome one thing one
tattoo we need to know about as a
college fan and a pro fan um I probably
like this one the most it's uh myself
Riley it looks kind of like me I guess
from the back but a kneeling on a
football field and I have a deceased
brother so I take it as him being my
angel just looking above me and it says
playing for to his eyes watch over me so
that's just something that I just
thought of and then I got with my tattoo
guy and he designed it for me and it
came out pretty well that is powerful
that is powerful I'm gonna post your
tattoo on our social media that's really
amazing where can we follow you on
Instagram or Twitter I don't have either
one see out of drama signing off from
the nflpa bowl game Southern Methodist
University small school baby